TOWA: Towa and Setsuna.
Between us half‐demon twins,
two different worlds
exist at the same time...
human and demon,
feudal era and present day,
peace and war,
joy and sorrow,
dreams and reality,
now and forever,
and finally, love and hate...
a Feudal Fairy Tale, Yashahime.
We'll keep moving forward,
overcoming
the hurdles of destiny!
[waves crashing]
[mysterious music playing]
KYUKI: Our enemy,
the Great Dog‐Demon of the West,
has been spotted
in the vicinity of Kamakura.
‐ So he's come here, has he?
KONTON: What's more,
he has sustained grave injuries
from battling
Shishinki and Ryukotsusei.
If we make our move now,
we may easily be able
to strike him down.
[Kirinmaru sighs]
‐ Let us use this chance
to put an end to him
so we may finally rule
over the entire land.
‐ Lord Kirinmaru, simply give
the order, and we will‐‐
‐ You fools!
‐ [both gasp]
‐ If I am
to challenge him to battle,
it cannot be after he
has been wounded and made weak.
A true battle must be won
with honor and dignity.
Is that too much
for you cowards to understand?
BOTH: Forgive us.
‐ Riku. Riku, are you here?
‐ Yes, Master.
‐ [scoffs]
‐ [growls]
‐ Gather the finest
medicinal herbs you can find
and deliver them to
the Great Dog‐Demon immediately.
Now go.
‐ Understood.
[tone chimes]
‐ Battle is meaningless
unless both sides
are willing to give their all
for victory.
Adopting
underhanded tactics to win
will only leave you empty.
BOTH: Yes, my Lord.
[Zero laughs]
If he could only learn
the meaning of compromise.
That boy causes us
no end of trouble.
If he weren't so obstinate,
we'd already be ruling the land.
‐ [villagers gasp]
‐ What's going on?
‐ Oh, no. Look.
‐ Lady Izayoi's mansion
is on fire.
‐ [unemotional] Oh, no. I guess
I didn't make it in time.
[villagers murmuring]
RIKU:
The Great Dog‐Demon is dead.
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: "Secret of
the Rainbow Pearls."
‐ The Great Dog‐Demon is dead?
How is that possible?
It can't be.
But we are demons.
Are we not fated
to journey an endless path,
destined to traverse
the edges of eternity itself?
Curses.
The Shikon Jewel's
ominous prophecy
has proven itself
to be true after all.
‐ That's right, Madam.
The Great Dog‐Demon is dead.
But Izayoi and
the half‐demon child survived.
‐ I'd expect as much.
Those who are loved are fated
to perish in grace and beauty.
‐ Madam...
what's coming from your eyes?
They're so beautiful.
‐ [gasps] You dare
call these beautiful?!
You must have truly poor taste
to even think that.
‐ "Poor taste"?
‐ Try and use
that head of yours!
‐ Do you mean...
use it like this?
‐ [scoffs]
I don't need demon powers.
I don't want this grief.
In fact, I don't even
want this heart,
and I swear I shall never shed
these wretched tears again.
Shikon Jewel,
grant me that which I desire!
RIKU: Those are pretty.
‐ These seven Rainbow Pearls
contain not only
my demon powers,
but the very power
of the Shikon Jewel itself.
Good riddance. I'm finally free
from having
to call myself a demon.
‐ But, Madam...
‐ What is it?
‐ You're not sad?
‐ What's there to be sad about?
‐ Never mind. It's nothing.
[wind blowing]
‐ 200 years have gone by,
my Madam.
I may only have three so far,
but it won't be long
until I have all seven for you.
SETSUNA: Understand, Towa?
Stay here.
Don't go anywhere tonight.
I mean it.
‐ TOWA: I know, I know.
‐ Huh?
‐ I swear to come back
as soon as I'm done.
Until then, be a good girl, and
stay quiet like little Kirara.
‐ I said I get it, OK?!
‐ Are you ready to go?
‐ I'm ready.
‐ Kirara.
‐ [meows]
[growls]
‐ That was a more thorough
warning than usual, wasn't it?
‐ It was. I had no choice.
You see, tonight is
the night of the new moon,
when Towa loses
her demon powers.
‐ Seriously...
who does she think she is,
treating me like a kid?
I mean,
I'm the older twin after all.
‐ You really do look like her.
‐ What, you mean like Setsuna?
‐ Not her.
You remind me of your mother.
‐ [gasps] Granny Kaede, are you
telling me you know our mother?
‐ Yes, very well.
We lived together
for many years, actually.
‐ Since Setsuna and I
are half‐demons,
that would mean our mother
was fully human, wouldn't it?
‐ Yes. Her name was Rin.
She was a very kind
and caring soul.
However, some time
after she gave birth
to you and your sister,
she suddenly disappeared
and was nowhere to be foun.
I don't know
if someone took her away
or if she simply left
on her own accord.
It has been
14 years since then,
and still no trace of her.
‐ I wonder if she died.
‐ That may be the case.
‐ That's a pretty cold thing
for you to say, Granny Kaede.
‐ I'm sorry. At my age,
death becomes little more
than a familiar face
you greet as you pass
on the road of life.
‐ I didn't realize. I'm sorry.
I guess there's
still a lot in this world
I don't fully understand.
‐ You're a kind child,
just like your mother.
It's getting late.
Try and get some rest.
‐ Thanks. I think I will.
Night, Granny.
TOWA: Setsuna?
Hey, it's the Sacred Tree.
Wait. It's that woman again.
Could it be
that she's our mother?
[murmurs]
Looks like the new moon
hasn't ended yet.
[gasps] What's that light?
Wait a second. Is that the‐‐
It's the butterfly,
the same one
I saw in my dream.
[peaceful music playing]
Slow down, Dream Butterfly!
Hey, this is the Forest
of the Tree of Ages.
This is just like
what I saw in my dream.
Now which way did it go?
I'm in front
of the Tree of Ages.
I would always stand here
looking up at it
back in my own time.
This is where
the Higurashi Shrine will be,
but that won't be
for another 500 years.
But somehow I feel like
this forest is sorta different.
It's not the same one
that Setsuna and I grew up in.
‐ [wind gusting]
‐ [winces]
It's so cold. Let me see.
I should have
some hand warmers in here.
‐ [chimes ringing]
‐ Huh?
Whoa, what are these things?
‐ [laughs]
Ah, what a lovely night.
‐ According to Konton,
one of the Half‐Demon Princesses
loses her demon powers
during a new moon.
And guess what tonight is.
This is the perfect opportunity
for me to have my revenge.
Rainbow Pearl, lead me
to the Half‐Demon Princess
affected by the new moon.
[tone chimes]
[laughs] Around there, huh?
[tense music playing]
‐ [sighs]
Those things
almost look like fireflies.
[tones chiming]
Wait. Fireflies? In the winter?
[tone chimes]
‐ Well, I hope
they've been to your liking.
‐ [gasps] Riku?
‐ Good evening, Lady Towa.
Hope you've been well.
Huh? My, oh, my.
Is this true,
or do my eyes deceive me?
Dear Lady Towa, I must say
you look
exceptionally beautiful tonight.
‐ Oh? You really think so?
[gasps]
‐ Your left eye in particular
holds a dark gentle glow
unlike any other.
‐ [gasps]
‐ It seems the Silver Pearl
lies deeper within your eye
than expected.
‐ Huh?
‐ [chuckles]
Just my luck.
I guess retrieving it tonight
won't be an easy task.
[liquid pouring]
[tone chimes]
[water bubbling]
‐ OK. The water's done boiling.
‐ Thanks for the help.
That's pretty handy.
Sorry. I just have one,
so we'll have to share.
Alright, some black tea for you.
It's brewed using a tea bag.
‐ Thanks.
I can't wait to try it.
[gasps] It's so good!
I've never had
such delicious tea in my life.
‐ It's Darjeeling.
If I could choose, I actually
prefer Earl Grey more, but...
this is good also.
[sighs]
I always thought fireflies
were only around
during the summer months.
‐ You're right.
You usually don't
see them in the wintertime.
‐ [gasps] They disappeared.
‐ It's said those who are loved
are fated to perish
in grace and beauty.
‐ Huh?
‐ Quite fleeting, aren't they,
the lives of fireflies.
And so, too,
are the lives of humans.
They can burn up
and waste away in an instant.
But perhaps that's
what makes them so beautiful.
‐ [gasps] Wow, Riku.
I didn't know
you were so profound.
‐ I likely picked it up
from my Madam.
I recall she often spoke
in such a way.
‐ [gasps] Oh, wow!
Look at all those stars
up there!
‐ This reminds me
of my former master.
I always found him gazing
at the stars like this.
TOWA: Really?
Sounds like your master
must be quite the dreamer.
RIKU: I don't know
so much about that.
He does, however, hold a bit
of reverence for the sky.
But right now,
we both happen to have
our eyes on the same target,
so I've decided
it's best to distance myself.
‐ The same target, huh?
So what are you after, Riku?
‐ I haven't told you yet?
The Rainbow Pearls, of course.
‐ The Rainbow Pearls?
‐ These here.
There are seven in total.
‐ You already have
almost half of them.
What happens
if you gather them all?
‐ Who knows? No one's ever
successfully brought together
all seven
of the Rainbow Pearls before.
I suppose it would
probably increase your power.
‐ Oh. Is that all?
‐ [laughs]
Or perhaps it could be used to
bring the next Degenerate Age.
Who knows?
But then again, one could argue
that the world we live in
is already corrupted.
‐ There must be a lot of demons
who want to get their hands
on those things.
We've been attacked for
our Pearls a few times already.
‐ The truth is, these Pearls
are the tears of the madam
who took care of me.
‐ Those are her tears? So her
tears turned into those Pearls?
‐ That's right. I want
to gather all seven of them
so I can give them back to her,
their rightful owner.
‐ Well, that's nice of you.
[gasps] Hold on a second.
Does that mean
you're after my Pearl,
along with Setsuna
and Moroha's?
‐ Looks like you got me.
The cat's out of the bag.
Yes, I'm afraid that is correct.
Just remain calm,
and I'll do what I can
to remove it
without hurting you, alright?
[chuckles]
TOTETSU:
There you are! [laughs]
Get ready for Totetsu, 'cause...
♪ I'm gonna get you
‐ What?! Totetsu?!
‐ [scoffs] What an absolute
lack of good taste.
[Towa grunts]
[gasps]
‐ What the‐‐Riku?
What are you doing here?
You should have just died
like a good little puppet.
‐ You piece of shit.
You've gone and ruined
my date with Lady Towa!
I won't forgive you for this!
‐ Oh, yeah? Well, the only ugly
piece of shit I see here is you!
I'll gut you right here!
‐ Riku!
‐ This is why I despise you.
[tone chimes]
‐ Fine! Bring it on!
‐ [grunts]
[chuckles] I wonder what
a puppet like you tastes like.
Sour? Bitter?
Or maybe you and Lord Kirinmaru
share the same flavor.
‐ What? Riku and Kirinmaru
would taste the same?
‐ Don't you know how to shut
your filthy mouth?!
‐ Guess I'll find out
by eating you!
[grunts]
‐ [grunts]
‐ [tone chimes]
‐ Eh?
[groans]
‐ I'm not on the menu.
Have some poison bees instead!
‐ [grumbles]
Damn pestilent miasma bugs.
[gurgling]
[yelling]
[both grunt]
‐ Are you OK?
‐ Y‐Yeah, I think so.
‐ [gurgles]
[exhales]
[both gasp]
‐ [grunts]
‐ Riku!
‐ [groans]
‐ Riku, just hang on.
‐ [coughing]
Damn you. [pants]
[Riku gasping]
‐ Are you OK?
‐ Yes.
‐ Riku, how are you
and Kirinmaru connected?
‐ Kirinmaru is the one
who used to be my master.
‐ Your master? Wait.
You mean he's the dreamer
who likes to gaze at the stars?
‐ Well, I suppose so, yes.
Many years ago, he decided
to abandon me like trash.
‐ That's awful.
‐ And the only reason
I'm even still alive
is because the madam
decided to take me in.
‐ [retches]
‐ [gasps]
‐ The bleeding, it won't stop.
‐ [coughs]
Damn it.
Miasma bug poison
is a real pain.
‐ But I don't understand
why you're risking your life
to help me like this.
You know I'm Kirinmaru's enemy,
don't you?
‐ [sighs] I do wonder.
To be honest,
I don't understand it myself.
There's really no logical reason
for me to protect you.
‐ [gasps]
‐ On the contrary,
if what I feel is love,
I should simply
be able to kill you.
But maybe I don't have
enough love for that yet.
‐ [gasps]
‐ I'm not any good at this.
Understanding love is far beyond
a mere puppet like me.
‐ [winces]
‐ Hang in there.
You're not the only one.
Romance goes over my head, too.
Then again, if it's like
having friends and family,
then I think I get it.
‐ [whoosh]
‐ [gasps]
‐ This way!
‐ [yelps]
‐ [grunts]
[dramatic music playing]
‐ [grunting]
Are you OK, Riku?
Lady Towa, please save yourself.
‐ [growls]
You rejected puppet!
Your treachery knows no end!
You've betrayed Lady Zero,
Lord Kirinmaru, and me as well!
We will never forgive you
for your traitorous actions!
‐ Give me a break. I'm tired
of your tasteless rants!
[grunts]
MOROHA: Crimson Dragon Wave!
SETSUNA: Scourge of Swallows!
‐ [dragon roars]
‐ TOTETSU: Huh?!
[groans]
‐ [yelps]
‐ Huh‐‐[groans]
‐ What the...
‐ Towa!
‐ Are you OK?
‐ Uh, yeah. Thanks.
‐ Oh, my head. [growls]
Damn those
Half‐Demon Princesses.
‐ But jeez! You guys
took forever to get here!
‐ What are you talking about?!
We've been looking
all over for you!
‐ Towa, didn't I tell you
not to wander off?
Yeah, I know. I'm sorry. [gasps]
Looks like the new moon's over.
[gasps]
[chuckles]
OK, Totetsu
of the Four Perils.
Sorry, but there's
been a change of plans.
‐ Yeah, we'll be taking
that head of yours.
‐ I hope you're ready to die.
‐ [growls]
‐ [laughs] You're joking.
I plan to live for a long time,
a lot longer than you.
[inhales]
[exhales]
[all gasp]
‐ [laughs]
I'll swallow all three of you
pitiful half‐demons at once!
[tone chimes]
[laughs]
[groaning]
[gasping]
‐ My rule is to only kill
the ones I love.
However...
for you, I'll make
an unfortunate exception.
‐ [stammers]
‐ [tone chimes]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Riku.
‐ [sighs]
I'm so glad you're OK,
Lady Towa.
You don't know how scared I was
that I might lose you.
‐ Let her go.
You and Kirinmaru
share the same scent.
‐ What's this?
Another tasteless comment
made at my expense?
[scoffs]
‐ [chuckles]
‐ [yelps]
‐ [tone chimes]
‐ Huh?
TOWA: Riku!
‐ Hmm?
‐ I may not
know much about love,
but I do know
what it means to like someone!
And you, Riku,
are definitely someone I like.
‐ Huh?
‐ [laughs]
‐ [heart beats]
‐ [sighs]
‐ Huh?!
‐ [gasps]
This is...
the Silver Pearl?!
[gasps]
Lady Towa.
‐ [laughs]
‐ [chuckles]
You have once again demonstrated
that your taste
is truly impeccable.
‐ Give my regards
to that madam of yours, yeah?
In the meantime,
could you please overlook
Setsuna and Moroha's Pearls?
‐ [laughs]
You're a strange person,
Lady Towa.
‐ Uh, really? You think so?
Well, if you ask me,
you're a pretty
strange one yourself.
‐ Well, I am only an imitation
of a living being at best.
‐ An imitation?
‐ Yes.
‐ [laughs]
‐ Eh?
‐ So what if you're not perfect?
Look at me. I'm a half‐demon,
but that doesn't change me
from being who I am.
That goes for you, too, Riku.
So it's OK to be who I am?
For an abandoned puppet like me,
those words are too kind.
Lady Towa,
I can't thank you enough
for giving me
your Rainbow Pearl.
If fate allows it,
we shall soon meet again!
[footsteps approaching]
‐ MOROHA: Seriously?!
‐ Hmm?
‐ I don't believe it.
You just handed over
your treasured Pearl
like it was nothing?
Speaking of treasure‐‐[laughs]
I wonder if I can
take Totetsu's head.
If so, then Mr. Riku
might actually be
a decent fellow after all.
‐ [roars]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Stay down, you turd!
‐ [groans]
I'm going to devour you.
‐ [laughs]
How are you gonna do that
when you don't have
a stomach anymore?
Now shut up,
and just die already. [giggles]
Looks like I won't have to worry
about money for a while!
‐ [chuckles]
‐ Was that really a good idea,
handing over
your Pearl like that?
‐ The Silver Pearl
was mine to do what I want with.
Besides, even without it...
I still have enough demon power.
‐ That's not what I meant.
With those Rainbow Pearls
in hand,
he'll have an immense amount
of demon power.
‐ He's just going
to give them back
to their rightful owner.
That's all.
‐ Then we can only hope
that this rightful owner.
doesn't go and use them
for something evil.
‐ [gasps]
‐ Oh, yeah, that reminds me,
wasn't Mr. Riku working
for Kirinmaru or something?
‐ [yells]
Hey, that's right!
‐ [gasps] Riku!
‐ [groans]
‐ Wait up! I changed my mind!
Give me back my Silver Pearl!
Come on! Please!
‐ Huh?
[chuckles]
[chime rings]
‐ Riku!
Wait!
[Japanese music playing]
ZERO: Azusa no Yumihari!
Lend me the fruits
of your training
so I may unleash
her true power.
TOWA: A woman who calls
herself Otsuyu breaks the seal
that Monk Miroku
had cast on Setsuna.
SETSUNA: Those are the same eyes
that were watching me
in my dreams! It was her!
ZERO: Her seething blood
will let loose a demonic frenzy.
MOROHA: Setsuna,
she's way too strong.
TOWA: Next time on Yashahime,
"The Stolen Seal."
Just how am I
going to stop Setsuna?